---
layout: post
title:  looking back - harvey mudd
date:   2020-12-11 10:40:16
description: Growing up as an HMC Engineer
---

As graduation looms only mere months ahead, it feels like it has only been a moment since I was last faced with the exact same feelings of uncertainty and anxiety that many students face in their senior year. Of all the recent terribleness that many of us have encountered over the last few months, one benefit from the pandemic has been the opportunity to reflect on what my undergraduate experience has been and where I am moving forward. Yet, in looking towards the future, I am often reminded of the words of Danish existentialist Soren Kierkegaard.

<blockquote>
	Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.  
	-Soren Kierkegaard
</blockquote>

So over the last few days I've tried to put myself back into the shoes a rather anti-social high school girl first applying to college. In fact, the story of how I wound up at HMC is quite humerous in and of itself. As a girl from Redmond the path for someone doing well in their high school seemed inevitable.
<ul>
	<li>graduate</li>
	<li>attend the Univeristy of Washington (Udub)</li>
	<li>Major in Computer Science</li>
	<li>Work at Microsoft</li>
</ul>
As I look at this checklist now, I realize I only made it a quarter of the way. Somehow, on the way to Udub I had gotten lost, traveled 1100 miles, and wound up in sunny Southern California. On paper, Harvey Mudd College lays at the odd intersection of lucrative and unheard-of. Certainly the undergraduate insitution of 800-ish students was no MIT, or Stanford when it came to recognizability, but what it did have was a remarkable connection the Claremont Colleges, a close knit community able to make someone even as closed-off as me flourish, and a demanding program able to challenge even the best. Yet, as a high schooler all I remember looking at intially was the big number 1 next to the school's name on U.S. News and World Reports.

I wasn't supposed to get in. Sure, I had good grades and test scores - but I was no Einstein to say the least. Outside of school, my passions weren't coding, or building like many of my peers. I read fantasy, swam on the swim team, and worked as a life guard for some extra cash. In many ways, in those initial weeks I felt like an imposter, a poser, someone who should just go home and forget why I even came to begin with. But the more I persevered, the more I learned about others and myself. As my good friend put it: <b> "In High School you were a big fish in a small pond, at Mudd you're a big fish in a small pond filled only with other big fish."</b>



#### Hipster list
<ul>
	<li>brunch</li>
	<li>fixie</li>
	<li>raybans</li>
	<li>messenger bag</li>
</ul>

Hoodie Thundercats retro, tote bag 8-bit Godard craft beer gastropub. Truffaut Tumblr taxidermy, raw denim Kickstarter sartorial dreamcatcher. Quinoa chambray slow-carb salvia readymade, bicycle rights 90's yr typewriter selfies letterpress cardigan vegan. 

<hr>
<br/>
Pug heirloom High Life vinyl swag, single-origin coffee four dollar toast taxidermy reprehenderit fap distillery master cleanse locavore. Est anim sapiente leggings Brooklyn ea. Thundercats locavore excepteur veniam eiusmod. Raw denim Truffaut Schlitz, migas sapiente Portland VHS twee Bushwick Marfa typewriter retro id keytar. 

<blockquote>
	We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another, unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. 
	—Anais Nin
</blockquote>

Fap aliqua qui, scenester pug Echo Park polaroid irony shabby chic ex cardigan church-key Odd Future accusamus. Blog stumptown sartorial squid, gastropub duis aesthetic Truffaut vero. Pinterest tilde twee, odio mumblecore jean shorts lumbersexual.